Updates Email Routing docs (#20491)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/email-routing/2025-03-12-reply-limits.mdx

---
title: Threaded replies now possible in Email Workers
description: You can now use Email Workers to send multiple replies to the same email thread.
date: 2025-03-12T18:00:00Z
---

> Due to increased demand for email use in AI Agents and other forms of task automation, we changed the rules and limits of how Email Workers can [reply](/email-routing/email-workers/reply-email-workers/) to incoming emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re removing some of the restrictions in Email Routing so that AI Agents and task automation can better handle email workflows, including how Workers can [reply](/email-routing/email-workers/reply-email-workers/) to incoming emails.
```

---
title: Threaded replies now possible in Email Workers
description: You can now use Email Workers to send multiple replies to the same email thread.
date: 2025-03-12T18:00:00Z

> preview_image: ~/assets/images/changelog/ai-gateway/guardrails-social-preview.png

Reviewer 2: This should be ommitted, right?
```suggestion
```

Author: Yes, fixing.

---
title: Threaded replies now possible in Email Workers
description: You can now use Email Workers to send multiple replies to the same email thread.
date: 2025-03-12T18:00:00Z
preview_image: ~/assets/images/changelog/ai-gateway/guardrails-social-preview.png
---

Due to increased demand for email use in AI Agents and other forms of task automation, we changed the rules and limits of how Email Workers can [reply](/email-routing/email-workers/reply-email-workers/) to incoming emails.

It's now possible to keep a threaded email conversation with an [Email Worker](/email-routing/email-workers/) script as long as:

* The incoming email has to have valid [DMARC](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/dns-records/dns-dmarc-record/).
* The email can only be replied to once in the same `EmailMessage` event.
* The recipient in the reply must match the incoming sender.
* The outgoing sender domain must match the same domain that received the email.

> * Both the `In-Reply-To` and `References` headers of the reply message must be set.

Reviewer 3: `References` can be unset (and we fill it accordingly), if the reply message has `References` it must match with our expected list.

_Incoming_ email must have both (meaning that's a reply to a reply) or none set (the first email in the chain)
